Doc 1808 cloud releases (#53)
tigergraph/cloud-docs: modules/release-notes/pages/index.adoc

Cloud clusters are not automatically upgraded to a new TigerGraph version when a new version is released.
For version upgrades for existing clusters, please contact TigerGraph Support.

== June 7, 2023 Update

=== New and Modified Features
* Users can have multiple browser windows open to work with multiple clusters or tools.
* [3.9.2+ clusters] New xref:3.9@gui:admin-portal:components/README.adoc[configuration options] in Admin Portal:
** Set memory usage limits for the GPE.
** Set the maximum number of concurrent Kafka loading jobs and tasks per CPU.

=== Performance and Infrastructure Improvements

> * [3.9.2+ clusters] Limit the graph size of clusters with less than 200GB memory.

Author: ```suggestion
* [3.9.2+ clusters] For clusters having less than 200GB of RAM, limit the maximum _topology size_ (amount of storage used to hold the graph data) to <RAM size>/2 - 2.5GB.
This is to help to protect users from overloading a cluster.
```

* [3.9.2+ clusters] Prevent TGCloud agents from being killed due to Out Of Memory.
* [3.9.2+ clusters] Use GCS as the filestore for GCP clusters.

=== Fixed Issues
* Fixed the "ready" state so that it reflects the state of the overall service.

> If ML Workbench is included, "ready" means that both the database and ML Workbencha re up and running.

Author: ```suggestion
If ML Workbench is included, "ready" means that both the database and ML Workbench are up and running.
```

* A cluster's name now remains the same when a cluster's configuation is updated.
* Fixed an incorrect link to the VPC setup guide.

== April 25, 2023 Update

=== New and Modified Features
* Users can schedule cluster start and stop times.
* ML Workbench now has Datadog monitoring.
* Credit card accounts can see their invoices.

=== Performance and Infrastructure Improvements
* Added log rotation for daemon to reduce disk usage.

> * Clusters with more than one VM are now spread across all AZs.

Author: ```suggestion
* Clusters with more than one VM are now spread across all availability zones.
```

* Added AMD CPUs for TG.C2.M16 and TG.C192.M1536 VMs.
* Some VM types have been retired.

=== Fixed issues

> * Fixed a problem with accessing tools after resuming a free tier instance for the first time.

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed a problem accessing tools after resuming a free tier instance for the first time.
```

== March 21, 2023 Update

=== New and Modified Features

> * Users can upgrade a free tier cluster to paid tier on any CSP.

Author: ```suggestion
* Users can upgrade a free tier cluster to a paid tier on any CSP.
```

* The South Africa North, Johannesburg region is now available for Azure CSP.
* A user can cancel a pending invitation to another user.
* The log history for free tier clusters has been shortened.

=== Performance and Infrastructure Improvements
* Improved the response time of Activities page.
* Improved the response time of listing solutions on Dashboard page.

=== Fixed Issues

> * Fixed AWS and Azure marketplace subscription.

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed the AWS and Azure marketplace subscription mechanisms.
```
